linkedin-profile israel rishon lezion
frontend developer with extensive experience designing developing implementing and
maintaining software used in sales rental apartments e-commerce and human resources.
good knowledge and understanding of current frontend development technologies. successful
experience using different js frameworks. experience in server-side development database
management systems administration.
i love my profession because it s not just a job it s my hobby. it makes me passionate driven
and an effective team player.
experience
2020 present frontend developer at noviopus rishon lezion israel
i manage and responsible for the development of two front-end applications of an
intelligent recruitment system.
extended functionality of the existing application refactored existing code base and
prepared the application release.
develope the application from scratch based on react designed the architecture of the
application implemented the core modules of the application.
stack react redux material-ui cypress.
2018 - designed developed and deployed frontend applications from scratch and implemented
new features of existing projects. used stack react redux vue.js backbone.js
marionette.js jquery sass.
developed the api endpoints for the distributed sales management system.
used stack django framework postgresql docker vagrant.
optimized system performance by monitoring and rewriting sql queries postgresql .
collaborated with technical support and assistance team in resolving customer technical
issues.
2017 - 2018 full stack developer at kvartirka.com chelyabinsk russia
migrated an backbone.js codebase into react.
developed the api endpoints django framework
ode coverage with unit tests pytest
2015 - build custom e-commerce shops commercial and corporate websites based on existing
solutions and development from scratch. django html css bitbucket .
design implementation and operating of database mysql
education
1999 - 2004 south ural state university susu chelyabinsk russia
engineer s degree - urban construction and management.
2016 - geekbrains - mail.ru group - course html css javascript python django.
languages english hebrew russian.