rehovot israel
about me
senior solution architect with wide experience of creating and maintaining it systems. deep knowledge of
c# javascript sql php and many other technologies + experience in microsoft technologies. i ve
implemented a large number of projects on sharepoint 2007 2010 and 2019 platforms. developed
applications both for sharepoint and standalone integrated them with external databases and web-
services.
over fifteen years experience in programming and a master degree in engineering makes me capable of
executing complicated and challenging projects.
my family and i did alia last year and im looking for a company to continue my career in israel.
technical skills set
development of environments asp.net c# java script and frameworks react jquery nodejs
xhtml css xml dom php powershell windows cmd-scripts unix shell scripts.
development applications for sharepoint web-parts timer jobs web-services mvc
applications .net and net.core
deep experience with databases microsoft sql server 2008 2012 mysql writing complex sql
queries creating stored procedures views optimization of sql queries.
experience
2008 2022 gpb financial company
. senior software engineer
i successfully completed the portal migration from sharepoint 2010 to sharepoint 2019 - 25k+ active
users 1tb content databases about various applications and customizations. i made a substantial
analysis of the existing system its infrastructure applications and integration with external systems. i
created a migration plan and then managed the process also i developed and implemented several
applications for direct data migration from sharepoint 2010 to 2019.
automated the development process based on sharepoint 2019 and net.core applications with
teamcity bitbucket. successfully leaded the team of employees. managed full stack development
from receiving a task to a complete solution.
2010 - 2015. full-stack sharepoint software developer.
full life cycle support of the portal system based on microsoft sharepoint. collaborated with contractors
to offer and then develop and implement different solutions. integrate various features and technical
specifications of applications continuous functionality of the portal system developed sharepoint
solutions for internal needs.
developed an employee information application asp.net c# mssql sharepoint with custom database
integrated with employee accounting system and active directory. aggregation data from several
databases synchronous and asynchronous exchanges between different data sources. created a number
of applications that use sharepoint objects as datasource custom web-parts for sharepoint.
2008 2010. junior software developer.
development of simple applications and functions for internal needs of the company - polls photogallery
making promo-pages. simple sql requests and usage in web-applications.
2007 2008. traverse avia service air flights organization head engineer
created and supported company web-sites on php and mysql using self-made cms.
2006 2007. protek pharmaceutical company it-specialist
developed a multivariable search system of drugs in pharmacies in moscow using php and mysql a
website search system with multivariable filters.
. rbc media company web-master
member of a team of developers.
education
1998 .
most recent courses
sharepoint 2016 administration microsoft iis . administration and troubleshooting microsoft
visual studio 2012 alm testing tools microsoft
hobbies
sports fitness snowboard photo arduino.
languages russian native english upper intermediate

