haifa israel languages personal qualities quick learner flexibility communication skills problem solving time management leadership critical thinking education computing machines systems complexes and networks 2006 2012 moscow aviation institute national research university honours degree
front end developer summary a senior web developer with + years development experience. created both the web and the mobile applications utilizing javascript typescript react. have full-stack development experience and deep knowledge of the databases sql postgresql . participated in more than successful projects. implemented several projects from the scratch combined the roles of a developer and a project product manager and in other projects led the development teams. experience front end team lead senior developer 2020 present aviabit performed a developer role while leading the web and mobile application development team. main projects aviabit web a personal account application for airline airport employees personal account of the cashier application electronic flight bag application. responsibilities coding for at least of work time defining the stack and architecture creating projects from scratch to successful industrial implementation hiring adaptation and development of new team members creation and implementation of code quality standards and code style strategic planning building scrum processes within the team support and development of previously created projects participation in conferences and product presentations. key achievements created aviabit web a personal account application for the airline airport employees progressive web application adapted for the mobile devices with an ability to work offline. implemented technically complex solutions aircraft movement schedule thousands of interactive objects displayed inside svg flight map displaying airports meteorological information aircraft routes interactive aircraft ground handling scoreboard platform for personnel training and testing led the project to launch and implement aviabit web in + airlines and airports. the users working with the application daily in some of the companies + people pilots flight attendants airport service workers managers . stack react redux typescript js es6 d3 html material-ui nodejs express t-sql webpack jest rest json git tfs jira trello. senior front end developer 2021 present school tennis league part-time socially significant project. participating in the project which develops amateur tennis. responsibilities creating a web application with server-side rendering ssr from the scratch. writing a code for the key functionalities application publication and support review of developers and designers work. key achievements contributed to a creation of the first amateur children s tennis league in which non-professional children can participate in tournaments implemented and launched a project with ssr in a short time player s personal account payment statistics registration for tournaments functionality for referees automatically generated tournament grid account management training platform . stack react redux typescript js es6 html material-ui next.js ssr postgresql jest babel git. senior developer 2014 2020 aviabit developed applications electronic flight bag for pilots the company s business card website cashier s personal account . responsibilities web applications creation and support work on the company s first ipad app electronic flight bag communication with customers pilots and navigators collecting requirements feedback analysis product roadmap development application architecture design apache cordova application development using react in webview backend development nodejs express application building and publishing on the app store. key achievements a leading role in creation of the electronic flight bag pilot tablet application that allowed the pilots to work with navigational information fill out a flight report and have access to the necessary documentation. implementation of complex technical tasks merge data dynamic generation of forms based on the config mathematical calculations when editing the route of the aircraft optimization of the interface solving problems with the use of the device s ram when synchronizing data. stack react redux js es6 html css ssas material-ui nodejs express rest t-sql apache cordova webpack jest enzyme babel git tfs. developer lead maintenance engineer 2009 2014 aviabit promotion from product implementation specialist to development. responsibilities customer support participation in the product development c++ mfc t-sql . stored procedures development for reports and analytical cubes query optimization and participation in database design ms olap t-sql web services creation and development for integration between the systems soap c# t-sql mobile applications development windows phone wpf .net t-sql existing products support .net c# t-sql query optimization and participation in database design transfer of knowledge to the new team members. key achievements took over support and development of several projects in no time. created mobile applications control the performance of aircraft maintenance . developed the integration with third-party systems designed a multidimensional data warehouse. stack .net c# wpf c++ mfc js html css windows phone mobile soap olap t-sql tfs.