
java full stack developer
in java backend development and in web frontend
+ years of experience fullstack development and + total experience in software development
phone linkedin
location bat yam email
professional skills
programming languages java javascript.
web html5 css3 jquery bootstrap3
environments ide tools eclipse intellij idea github.
databases sql mysql nosql mongodb .
technologies frameworks oop aop spring mvc jpa hibernate jdbc springboot spring security spring web rest json maven junit git postman.
systems linux windows.
professional experience
2020 - now backend java developer israel rehovot
latest project participation in the development of a microservice architecture for a system for storing educational information.
areas of responsibility
developed backend website application - restful web service spring boot starter web
authentication authorization spring security
working with mongodb mysql
writing and running junit tests fixing defects
email feedback.
json web token for user authentication using swagger ui to render and interact with api rest https.
tools summary spring boot spring security hibernate orm json rest mysql mongodb java persistence api maven jdbc apache tomcat junit html5 css3.
2017 2019 full stack java developer bank otkritie russia moscow
preparation of non-standard reports by executing queries to sql databases. creating a simple web interface for entering a request and getting the result in a user-friendly form html ccs bootstrap javascript .
performed hardware and software installations and provided high-level customer care training and technical support.
2005 - 2017 software r-style language developer privatbank ukraine dnepr
performed hardware and software installations and provided high-level customer care training and technical support.
introduction of changes in the terms of service for bank products into the business logic of the program code. r-style language .
education
2000 - 2005 master s degree in computer science and information technology.
specialization design and production of electronic computing systems.
national technical university of ukraine
other
languages english hebrew russian ukrainian.
recommendations are available upon request