
tel aviv
cid
cid
senior software developer cid
agrml.github.io me
for more than years i develop software with an urge to help people
solve their problems. i develop product rather than close issues.
proactivity empathy focusing on the product result end-user
experience and runtime stability these are the qualities i value most
both in colleagues and myself. do we match
skills summary
pro-level backend development python django asyncio pytest postgresql docker
mid-level kubernets elastic search. mentoring. team leading
languages english fluent russian mothertongue
professional experience
bestdoctor senior backend dev in the medical insurance sphere.
python django pytest docker zero-code intergrations
cid implemented multiple features in a huge django admin with a bit of js
cid solved a problem by a paid service instead of a month of coding from scratch
domclick sberbank tech lead and backend dev in a new buildings storefront.
python asyncio fastapi pytest docker kubernets postgresql elastic
cid improved stability performance test-coverage and architecture of several micro-services
cid introduced sre practices monitorings safe migrations and processes on keeping them go
cid improved work processes e.g. made scrum work as much as it was possible.
cid closely worked with the product manager designed principal implementations helped to fit features to sprints
yandex backend development in the intranet department.
python django celery pytest docker postgresql yql
cid worked with more than projects mainly with the internal hiring system.
cid increased yandex employee hiring rate and decreased leaving rate by developing reference giving system and
employee rotation system
cid launched a negotiation service. designed a state machine for creating a new negotiation.
cid leadedmigrationtoanewpaas.improved5affectedlibs tools migrated3projectsmyself managedmigration
of other projects.
cid mentored in yandex backend development school
arccn rnd in the field of software-defined networking.
cid developed of a link state monitoring system c++ python. bfd openflow protocols
cid designed a rule caching system for openflow software switches c intel dpdk. p4 protocol
education
bachelor of computer science moscow state university.
department of computational mathematics and cybernetics
publications and teaching
2021 developing backend using django an online course author and lecturer
2021 the way i develop software an article on medium ru
2017 usinghashfunctionstoaccelerateperformanceofopenflowswitches agranovskiym. shalimova. program
systems and toolware msu 2017