israel rishon letsiyon
software developer linux kernel developer database developer
contacts

l inkedin
phone whatsapp
skills
linux linux kernel development posix tcp ip ipv6 gtk protobuf c c++ java go
perl python javascript jquery php ruby d lang bash csh ksh scripting freebsd
administration sqlite mysql postgresql plpgsql kvm docker ant autotools gnu
make cmake git subversion mercurial redmine jira jenkins
languages
english intermediate
russian native
hebrew learning
employment history
linux kernel developer senior linux kernel developer
2016 2022 llc confident softproject
design development and maintaining of the filesystem access control system based
on lsm c linux kernel lsm vfs scheduler .
development of the external ports control management subsystem c++ udev .
partial development of the building deploying infrastructure for the projects.
software developer
2012 2014 motorola solutions
development of the inner company telecom products and tools c c++ idl
ethereal wireshark dissection api .
source control management and automation clearcase bash solaris ksh active
perl .
freelance software developer
2011 2012 customer st. petersburg psychology and acmeology private university
full cycle development of the crossplatform psychology testing software gtk librsvg
d language .
database developer
2010 2011 llc proxycentre
redesign and rework the legacy dbms to support the first stage of the apec russia
2012 event postgresql .
development of the db ordinary stored procedures and procedures libraries to
intercommunicate to other apec infrastructure units plpgsql plruby libpq .
software engineer senior software engineer
2008 2009 cjsc ntc rif
embedded systems programming c qnx .
development of realtime analog signal processing software.
application development for windows platform visual c c++ .
project management software architecture and development of the computer control
system for the mobile diesel power plant.
software engineer
2005 2008 cjsc npp systema
software development for windows and linux platforms c c++ java .
partial development and testing of the military survivability expert system for a ship.
partial development of the weapons accounting and management software.
oss systems and technologies integration linux freebsd postgresql .
web developer system administrator
2004 2005 llc blackcat
development of the content management system apache php mysql .
development and support of the accounting system of payments perl mysql .
database administration.
local server administration freebsd .
education
st. petersburg state technological institute
st. petersburg electrotechnical university