profile
im from saratov russian federation. i was a lawyer with experience in
contract law. it has always been my desire to work in it. now i am looking
for an opportunity to change my eld of activity and nally come to what
i wanted for a long time. previously i studied the ms sql by myself and
was an intern in writing requests. now i am studying to be a web
developer namely studying interaction of html css and javascript.
i am masa program graduated in the eld of web development. as a
result of the course i gained the skills necessary for front-end
development.
angelina nissim
i did my internship in servc herzlia israel. as part of the masa program
front end developer
i studied react framework during the internship i was taught a new
framework for me - angular on which the project was written and with
which i worked throughout the entire internship.
contact info
+
experience

jan 2022 - apr 2022 front end developer intern
www.linkedin.com angelina- servc during the internship i did many tasks among which
nissim
redesigned all tables in the project in accordance

with the layout in figma and thus improved the user
tel aviv israel experience based on customer feedback.
created a library of components such as inputs
selectors icons to improve dx.
education
was responsible for rewriting the login page both
october 2021-december 2021 frontend and backend .
masa web development
cource israel oct 2021 - dec 2021 student
masa during the cource i created projects that helped me
improve my front-end development skills.
ma in jurisprudence
for example this is a quiz game project and simple
saratov state law academy
calculator.
russia
these and other projects created by me are attached
to the portfolio.

ba in jurisprudence
saratov state law academy april 2021 sql freelance
russia freelance compilation of sql queries
ensuring the operation of databases
oct 2020 - dec 2020 legal adviser
languages nornickel norilsk nikel is the worlds largest producer of nickel
and palladium.
hebrew created and edited over contracts
negotiated with more than counterparties
english including government agencies
user of corporate database systems
russian
professional skills
html
css
javascript
sql
angular