
java backend developer with years of hands-on experience
a fast self-learner and an excellent team player with passion for the quality of the code and the product
looking for the next place to apply my skills and experience i.e. for a full time back-end developer position
phone
e-mail
birthdate
residence petah tikva
languages hebrew english russian
experience summary
programming languages java go javascript typescript
databases mysql postgresql mongodb couchbase
frameworks and technologies spring orm hibernate jdbc apache kafka apache camel broadleaf angular maven junit rest wsdl
environments ide tools eclipse intellij idea webstorm vs code postman git svn perforce jenkins docker ibm websphere jboss fuse tfs jira
experience
2019 2020 amdocs raanana java back-end developer
working as a java back-end developer inside a cross-functional scrum team i participated in development and maintenance of a web application for customer management and commerce. following the agile methodology i designed some new features of the app refactored existing code and often was a go-to person for some of my teammates.
technologies java spring boot hibernate rest broadleaf apache camel
databases mysql postgresql couchbase
tools intellij idea jboss fuse postman jenkins docker tfs
2018 2019 most technologies petah tikva java developer
as a part of a small team i participated in development and maintaining of a desktop client-service application for insurance companies and pension funds. the work included deep understanding and refactoring of the existing code designing some new essential features solving critical problems in the app s infrastructure itself version control and deployment. besides i have written several manuals for my fellow developers in order to help them understand some parts of the system better.
technologies java ibm websphere web-services wsdl printboss utilities mainframe udb
education
2017 2018 tel-ran educational center rehovot java full-stack
during my studies i have participated in several commercial and educational projects
a web service for browsing restaurants and purchasing meals vouchers. java orm hibernate spring mvc spring boot mysql mongodb angular .
a service for collecting and processing data from various rooms sensors. generating randomized mocked data maintaining back-end server java mvc rest api mysql database orm hibernate spring boot reducing and analyzing data apache kafka informing end user about alerts via emails.
a web service for browsing articles. back-end server development java mvc rest api maintaining database with articles and user data orm hibernate spring boot .
experimental development of a light-weight map reduce big data system. back-end development using go language parallel mapping and reducing data.
recommendations are available upon request