minimum required skills java c# sql https apache eclipse if you are a software developer with experience please read on what you will be doing we are seeking a candidate to augment our existing development staff. the selected candidate will participate in all phases of the software development life cycle as an on-site member of our development team in the aberdeen proving ground facility. what you need for this position basic qualifications bachelor s degree in computer science or related field e.g. information technology information science etc. minimum of years experience developing software applications in java preferred qualifications strong java development experience experience with c# elastic search and oracle as secondary skills experience developing sql queries preferably for an oracle database experience developing and or using web services experience with micro-service architectures experience developing secure web applications e.g. https pki experience with web application deployment e.g. oracle weblogic apache tomcat experience with eclipse or similar ide experience with microsoft windows unix what s in it for you - vacation pto - medical - dental - vision - relocation - bonus - 401kso if you are a software developer with experience please apply today applicants must be authorized to work in the u.s.please apply directly to by clicking click here to apply with your word resume looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - not a fit for this position click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. looking forward to receiving your resume cybercoders cybercoders inc is proud to be an equal opportunity employer all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex national origin disability protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. your right to work - in compliance with federal law all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the united states and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. copyright 1999 - 2019 . cybercoders inc. all rights reserved.