minimum required skills lamp drupal elasticsearch rest apis python go aws view.js hubspot restful apis our company is a rapidly growing ratings and reviews platform headquartered in washington d.c. we are the leading service covering business-to-business b2b services firms and are looking for teammates to help us accelerate the growth of our platform. top reasons to work with us . ranked on the linkedin top companies startups list . highly competitive base pay and benefits . world renown leadership and room to grow professionally . top us startup what you will be doing we emphasize professional growth so responsibilities will evolve over time based on the company s needs and the candidate s skills interests. initial responsibilities will include the following - developing new features - implementing a microservices-based architecture - providing operational support when stuff breaks you help fix it - maintaining and developing drupal custom modules - enhancing our hubspot crm integration api what you need for this position - experience building and maintaining restful apis - world-class problem solving skills successful candidates are world-class problem solvers. we have ambitious product plans and we need teammates to help us figure out how to get there. - make it happen attitude we are a team of doers. everyone needs to make things happen on a daily basis. - versatility we don t have a large technical team. successful candidates are not afraid to take on new challenges and help where needed. - d.c. startup work environment our core team e.g. founder product lead etc. work in our d.c. office. must have - strong object oriented programming skills and knowledge of other software design patterns - at least years of experience with implementing restful apis stateless applications using php python or go - ability to write complex sql queries for mariadb or postgresql - hands-on experience with aws development using ec2 eb iam s3 lambda cloudfront - experience with messaging frameworks such as rabbitmq redis - experience in test driven development - ability to set up and configure continuous integration environment - knowledge of agile practices nice to haves - experience with docker - experience with drupal - experience with elastic search - experience with html css javascript what s in it for you - - base - vacation pto - medical - dental - vision - opportunity to build a market leading service - grow professionally with the companyso if you are a backend software developer with experience please apply today applicants must be authorized to work in the u.s.please apply directly to by clicking click here to apply with your word resume looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - not a fit for this position click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. looking forward to receiving your resume cybercoders cybercoders inc is proud to be an equal opportunity employer all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race color religion sex national origin disability protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. your right to work - in compliance with federal law all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the united states and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. copyright 1999 - 2019 . cybercoders inc. all rights reserved.