primary purpose development and maintenance of software applications built using microsoft stack. essential duties and responsibilities following is a summary of the essential functions for this job. other duties may be performed both major and minor which are not mentioned below. specific activities may change from time to time. design develop and test software applications maintain systems by identifying and correcting software defects create technical specifications and unit test plans work with qa to align understanding of requirements and to develop system test plans work as part of an agile development team to solve problems and develop projects in a fast paced environment follow instructions and pre-established guidelines to perform the functions of the job demonstrate a basic degree of creativity and problem solving skills follow the established software development life cycle follow established coding standards and naming conventions support applications using software development methodologies including structured programming documentation design and code review work with business analysts and application users to define and design robust user centric application solutions collaborate with ux resources to drive consistent look and feel of user interface collaborate with database resources to ensure robust and complete data access and manipulation collaborate with it operations to ensure hardware and software are aligned to deliver business requirements mentor junior and other new developers on-site regular attendance and punctuality are essential functions of the job minimum skills and competencies the requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge skill and or ability required. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. bachelor s degree or in-lieu of degree equivalent education training and work-related experience high school diploma or general education degree ged required + years of experience in microsoft technology stack expert in c# javascript mssql 2012 or above proficient with mvc angular asp.net jquery hands on experience with visual studio tfs as source control tool must have good understanding of solid object oriented programming oop concepts must have experience with wcf experience in end-to-end software development life cycle sdlc project experience working with agile scrum methodologies good at understanding requirements getting clarifications have passion for learning new technologies and enhancing existing skills proactive issue resolution with a positive attitude understand solution at the project level effective organization and time management skills with the ability to work under pressure and adhere to project deadlines excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to establish working relationships with individuals at varying levels within the organization demonstrated integrity within a professional environment ability to adapt to new situations and learn quickly must perform well in high-energy dynamic and team-oriented environments must possess effective verbal and written communication skills desired skills insurance industry experience familiarity with writing unit tests relevant microsoft certification experience with web api entity framework experience with crystal reports ssrs and or ssis - about national general holdings national general holdings corp. is headquartered in new york city. national general traces its roots to 1939 has a financial strength rating of a- excellent from a.m. best and provides personal and commercial automobile homeowners umbrella recreational vehicle motorcycle supplemental health and other niche insurance products. we are a specialty personal lines insurance holding company. through our subsidiaries we provide a variety of insurance products including personal and commercial automobile homeowners umbrella recreational vehicle supplemental health lender-placed and other niche insurance products. national general is a fast paced dynamic and entrepreneurial organization. our team members live by and exemplify what we call the 4es. at national general we are energized engaged empowered and we execute every day in order to provide an exceptional experience for our customers we are passionate about our organization and the value that we add every day. a successful candidate with national general will embody the 4es. our team is poised to outperform the competition. we are national general insurance and with us you can be extraordinary come join our team companies and partners direct general auto life personal express insurance century-national insurance abc insurance agencies natgen preferred natgen premier seattle specialty national general lender services ars rac insurance partners mountain valley indemnity new jersey skylands adirondack insurance exchange velapoint quotit healthcompare ahcp nhic healthcare solutions team north star marketing euro accident. in addition to a phenomenal career opportunity national general insurance offers an excellent benefits package including paid training medical dental vision benefits wellness programs life and short long term disability insurance 401k w company match company paid holidays generous time-off policy employee discount program career advancement and development opportunities on-site healthcare clinic winston-salem and cleveland offices on-site fitness center cleveland and dallas offices subsidized parking cleveland office national general holdings corp. is an equal opportunity eo employer - veterans disabled and other protected categories. all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of any characteristic protected by law. candidates must possess authorization to work in the united states as it is not our practice to sponsor individuals for work visas. in the event you need assistance or accommodation in completing your online application please contact ngic main office by phone at -2000. -