precision is king when it comes to the work you do when it comes to the details you innately can see where why how and what needs to be tweaked in order to achieve the best end goal. your colleagues approve work but you see an overlooked area. it jumps out to you because of your finely tuned observational skills and highly developed attention to detail. accuracy and precision define your work ethic. and you don t stop until the piece of the puzzle is in its right place. your colleagues know that all of the puzzle pieces you work on will always fit smoothly into their necessary spot. they don t question the work you do because they know it will be correct and on point. our organization is successful because of the skills you uniquely bring to the job. we need you. if you would like to apply your skills in an environment that will celebrate you let s talk. job description employer works on top level cyber-security for national defense programs and is hiring experienced software developers with a focus on research innovation and solving mission critical challenges. we are seeking a software developer sme journeyman position with system administration responsibilities and the potential to work on several different projects including a host based security compliance tool continuous monitoring and risk scoring application web single sign on pki kerberos. position requires working with remote customers and widely dispersed team members. as a software developer journeyman you will be assisting in the development of software applications for our dod customers coding testing and debugging programs according to detailed requirements. supporting the maintenance participating on a team designing documenting developing testing and implementing software programs. supporting and providing quality customer service through the development production and integration of software applications that enable customers to successfully meet their business goals. adhering to a software development life cycle. assist in the maintenance and support linux servers for the development team. install and configure software needed by the development team. take the guesswork out of your workday. we will give you the proven tools and methodology to perform at your peak. following the outlined program will bring you optimum results time after time. required experience software development experience targeting unix linux environments languages comfortable working in one of python perl php and experience with a second programming language one of the above or c c++ javascript java ruby clojure operating systems strong linux unix command line shell scripting willing to overlap at least hours a day with - eastern time must have a dod baseline certification cissp security+ can be obtained prior to start date etc. minimum years experience proof of u.s. citizenship or permanent residency is required due to government or federal requirement. u.s. citizens only due to government or federal requirement. applicants selected for employment will be subject to a federal background investigation and may need to meet additional eligibility requirements for access to classified information or materials. bachelor s degree from an accredited institution or equivalent certifications in computer science web services or related technical field preferred. secret clearance additional experience not required security networking ipv4 ipv6 tcpdump pki ssl ipsec etc. relational databases especially mysql or postgresql department information technology